greet all viewers with you mm ldn
and today we will go through such a game to the mouth
how will la
this game is rethinking the fairy tale Cinderella
but here the main character is that sweet
girl and thumping smokers host
drugs babenko
well then. learn my story begin
new game
Cinderella gave birth to a story and so beautiful
ball
and everything is great except a face of something
man that just scares and so everything
it would be great if you don’t watch
who struck midnight
for sins boldly
even the poor aliens were turned into
the pumpkin and the feds themselves turned into
stupa the loom here is such a story
now we need to open this safe
and start a new game here on
20 levels are presented
learn to begin the very first this is not
let's come just type the code code is 8 9
and 7
depended now merge CIF and know that
in it some kind of fusion locked our
Little Cinderella level passed play
further but harsh level we need
smoke a cigarette like you have other people
we throw a cigarette butt waste tank
Remove throw out the car and leave
the level also passed the Crimea further so
here the background is necessary to defeat the dragon
let's get someone's track sinus so but
he got you killed
trouble sadness so so try to kill
get his sword on how not to steal everything
equal to linen
did not work so what to apply
against the dragon you fluff but it will help
we take a bottle of booze
kill the dragon died and clap wins
evil play on cinderella sleeping him
wake up therefore why press on the forehead
the sun appears immediately to be
wake up Cinderella hara sleep get up
let the sun wake up
level passed here hinting dog
because he wants to stick and what do we
need to do click on the flip-flop sign
here here and so we press q and now
we already want with 6 dog apparently ours
Cinderella Korean woman and I want Borisov
thorough okay we play further here yet
and the country solving the problem you will not
click on the musical meaning of this man
you three hundred heads of our Cinderella you
won
next level and so find a difference but
This is the future difficult to do. simply
click on the word clicks
we won and that's it and illogical
problem solving what are we to do
we do not need to pay for booze
enough 9 what does the body do
dial is money the cut is a number and so
310 and five and voila we paid for
our booze
play on now i 'll be back to business
so quickly quickly push up or
in the corner
and Cinderella smears her ass dynamite
on the walls so sharks
This is not good so let's
we get down the engine and we broadcast on pin
we are rescued play on so need
get the center of the little cable nafig
so tormented to become better immediately take by
the sound of an apple and so hold us up the crowd
On to Cinderella Cinderella and on me and
you need to take this dangerous path
so we press the button on Cinderella we press
we press we press and she passed bravo
play on some kind of creepy atmosphere
the atmosphere of horror what do we do to us
need to press and tv and possessing
scary woman urgently needs to raise his legs
and scary fishing points from past us and
we are saved and we will be fine
further in a beauty contest but here on
shakira will not lose external data
some participant therefore not scientifically
period first who is there all at once
the rest and so and then acne warts
on the chin and stuff and thats all we don't
spiro
until we play further boxing fight did not want
to win to the peasant, I would like to continue
we will beat his boobs
open tits man shocked we kill
everything is fine
and now at a rock concert we don’t vadim on
those of our 10 best fans and so
here 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 and write ask where is 9 9 here
here it is right here on the spotlight
sits a wild reptile pump thread one more and
you need us to take especially important thing but
then the outline and then you are our heroine
we see it a critical fit of the mountain
one server here he has to win
swimming competition
so lively on trial you begin this century
barrel place swim sail swim
then we turn Cinderella and swim-swim
we won here because jump
from the plane
that you take an owl cake he put on
parachute and jump-jump
whether I go from prosciutto saved either
saved yes but want to see aliens
This 7 pressure on the plate that us due
we lose inside ourselves sad what
we do the tires matter then we need to click on
weed
avoid down it will start right away
bathert
where I was level we went on to play
so you need to launch a rocket also miacca
they zhmyakayem but nothing can happen
we should say the epic phrase Gagarin
let's go well let's go why why not
wants
useless rocket launcher sitting on the other here
on such a rocket and we flew straight into
space from you actually eminem and cinderella
quite surprised by what is happening you are aware
next we have the moon with the Americans
cinderella tiles him and on this story
ends to be continued
told us and the house is a scientific bake
complete this walkthrough therefore
Thank you all for watching the likes
subscribe to my channel all happiness
and goodbye
it will be put and it will be put
tutu tupitu
this